packages/salesforce: Improve docs and field descriptions (#11452)
elastic/integrations: packages/salesforce/_dev/build/docs/README.md

- **Salesforce Classic**: Given the example URL https://na9.salesforce.com/home/home.jsp, the Salesforce Instance URL is extracted as https://na9.salesforce.com.

> - **Salesforce Lightning**: The instance URL is available under your user name in the **View Profile** tab. Please use the correct instance URL in case of Salesforce Lightning because it uses *.lightning.force.com but the instance URL is *.salesforce.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Salesforce Lightning**: The instance URL is available under your user name in the **View Profile** tab. Use the correct instance URL in case of Salesforce Lightning because it uses *.lightning.force.com but the instance URL is *.salesforce.com.
```
Check also [Voice and tone](https://docs.elastic.dev/tech-writing-guidelines/voice-tone#please-avoid-please-please).

The password used to authenticate the user.

### Token URL

> 1. The token URL is used to obtain authentication tokens for API access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the token URL to obtain authentication tokens for API access.
```
Check [Active vs passive voice](https://docs.elastic.dev/tech-writing-guidelines/voice-tone#active-vs-passive-voice).

2. For most Salesforce instances, the token URL follows this format: https://login.salesforce.com/services/oauth2/token.
3. If you're using a Salesforce sandbox environment, use https://test.salesforce.com/services/oauth2/token instead.

> 4. For custom Salesforce domains, replace "login.salesforce.com" with your custom domain name. For example, if your custom domain is "mycompany.my.salesforce.com", the token URL becomes https://mycompany.my.salesforce.com/services/oauth2/token. This applies to Sandbox environments as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For custom Salesforce domains, replace `login.salesforce.com` with your custom domain name. For example, if your custom domain is `mycompany.my.salesforce.com`, the token URL becomes https://mycompany.my.salesforce.com/services/oauth2/token. This applies to Sandbox environments as well.
```

> 5. In our Salesforce integration, we internally append "/services/oauth2/token" to the URL. Therefore, ensure that the URL you provide in the Salesforce integration is the base URL without the "/services/oauth2/token" part. For example, if your custom domain is "mycompany.my.salesforce.com", the complete token URL would be "https://mycompany.my.salesforce.com/services/oauth2/token", but the URL you provide in the Salesforce integration should be "https://mycompany.my.salesforce.com". In most cases, this is the same as the Salesforce instance URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the Salesforce integration, we internally append `/services/oauth2/token` to the URL. Make sure that the URL you provide in the Salesforce integration is the base URL without the `/services/oauth2/token` part. For example, if your custom domain is `mycompany.my.salesforce.com`, the complete token URL would be https://mycompany.my.salesforce.com/services/oauth2/token, but the URL you provide in the Salesforce integration should be https://mycompany.my.salesforce.com. In most cases, this is the same as the Salesforce instance URL.
```

> **Note**: Salesforce Lightning users must use URL with `*.salesforce.com` (similar to the Salesforce instance URL) domain instead of `*.lightning.force.com` because the Salesforce API does not work with `*.lightning.force.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Salesforce Lightning users must use URL with `*.salesforce.com` domain (similar to the Salesforce instance URL) instead of `*.lightning.force.com` because the Salesforce API does not work with `*.lightning.force.com`.
```

### Request timeout

> If you experience delays in the response from the Salesforce server in the `apex`, `login`, `logout`, or `setupaudittrail` data streams, you might encounter the similar error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience delays in the response from the Salesforce server in the `apex`, `login`, `logout`, or `setupaudittrail` data streams, you might encounter a similar error:
```

If you encounter data ingestion errors, you might get the following error message:

> > oauth2 client: error loading credentials using user and password: oauth2: cannot fetch token: 400 Bad Request

Author: 400 Bad Request can come in many forms. So omitting out the specifics.

5. Click **Manage** to edit the policies.
6. Click **Edit Policies** and choose **Relax IP restrictions** from the dropdown menu for IP Relaxation.

### Validate OAuth 2.0 authentication with Salesforce Connected App

```sh
CLIENT_ID="" # Replace with your client ID
CLIENT_SECRET="" # Replace with your client secret
USERNAME="" # Replace with your Salesforce username
PASSWORD="" # Replace with your Salesforce password
SECURITY_TOKEN=""  # Replace with your Salesforce security token (if applicable). Else, leave it blank.
TOKEN_URL="https://<your-instance>.my.salesforce.com/services/oauth2/token" # Replace with your Salesforce instance URL

curl -v -X POST "${TOKEN_URL}" \
     -d "grant_type=password" \
     -d "client_id=${CLIENT_ID}" \
     -d "client_secret=${CLIENT_SECRET}" \
     -d "username=${USERNAME}" \
     -d "password=${PASSWORD}${SECURITY_TOKEN}"
```

> Please note that the script has been tested on Unix-based systems (e.g., macOS, Linux). If you're using a different operating system, you may need to adjust the command accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the script has been tested on Unix-based systems (macOS, Linux). If you use a different operating system, you might need to adjust the command accordingly.
```
